You think you helped the rich lady, right?
Protect me like that tells you
It's just that the elevator is broken.
That's why I remember the topic
Fake big lady
Sorry.
So I just released it
Is to exchange new repair parts for you to repair.
Look.
Still have to find a chance to warn him.
After that, brag less.
This kind of luck doesn't come every time.
The two of you are still pretending at this time.
Two people.
Take them both.
Sent in front of Rett.
I'll let Rett take a closer look.
In the end, is she really the eldest lady?
Make me kneel.
This time I will let you kneel in front of me so I can kowtow.
I, the head of Fuji Long Xuyen Group, Pho Ngan Nien, am here.
Let's see who dares to take action
You.
Who dares to barge into Long Xuyen Hotel again?
Aren't you afraid of being offended by paying in advance?
Full of fate?
The head of four Long Xuyen families
Family secretary
Black dragon tattoo
This is a sign of additional force.
Are you really family members?
I don't understand who's coming anymore.
Did he really not lie?